Add an example using codegen (#21)
digital-asset/ex-java-bindings: README.rst

  * examples.pingpong.grpc.PingPongGrpcMain
  * examples.pingpong.reactive.PingPongReactiveMain
  * examples.pingpong.codegen.PingPongCodegenMain

>   depending on which example you wish to run. The script will take care of stopping an already running sandbox & start a fresh one every call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  depending on which example you wish to run. The script will take care of stopping an already running sandbox & start a fresh one on every call.
```

- injects the initial contracts to start the process

PingPongProcessor.java
======================

The core of the application is the method `PingPongProcessor.runIndefinitely() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L61-L91>`_.

This method retrieves a gRPC streaming endpoint using the ``GetTransactionsRequest`` request, and then creates a `RxJava <The Underlying Library: RxJava_>`_ ``StreamObserver``, providing implementations of the ``onNext``, ``onError`` and ``onComplete`` observer methods. ``RxJava`` arranges that these methods receive stream events asynchronously.

> The method `onNext <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L74-L76>`_ is the main driver, extracting the transaction list from each ``GetTransactionResponse``, and passing in to  ``processTransaction()`` for processing. This method, and the method ``processTransaction()`` implements the application logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `onNext <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L72-L74>`_ is the main driver, extracting the transaction list from each ``GetTransactionResponse``, and passing in to  ``processTransaction()`` for processing. This method, and the method ``processTransaction()`` implements the application logic.
```

> `processTransaction() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L98-L117>`_ extracts all creation events from the the transaction and passes them to ``processEvent()``. This produces a list of commands to be sent to the ledger to further the workflow, and these are packages up in a ``Commands`` request and sent to the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`processTransaction() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L96-L115>`_ extracts all creation events from the the transaction and passes them to ``processEvent()``. This produces a list of commands to be sent to the ledger to further the workflow, and these are packages up in a ``Commands`` request and sent to the ledger.
```

> `processEvent() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L129-L169>`_ takes a transaction event and turns it into a stream of commands to be sent back to the ledger. To do this, it examines the event for the correct package and template (it's a create of a ``Ping`` or ``Pong`` template) and then looks at the receiving part to decide if this processor should respond. If so, an exercise command for the correct choice is created and returned in a ``Stream``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`processEvent() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L127-L166>`_ takes a transaction event and turns it into a stream of commands to be sent back to the ledger. To do this, it examines the event for the correct package and template (it's a create of a ``Ping`` or ``Pong`` template) and then looks at the receiving part to decide if this processor should respond. If so, an exercise command for the correct choice is created and returned in a ``Stream``.
```

The second line is analogous to the first one.

Example Project -- Ping Pong with Reactive Components
-----------------------------------------------------

The code for this example is in the package `examples.pingpong.reactive <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/reactive>`_.

PingPongReactiveMain.java
=========================

> The entry point for the Java code is the main class `PingPongReactiveMain <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/reactive/PingPongReactiveMain.java#L37-L82>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entry point for the Java code is the main class `PingPongReactiveMain <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/reactive/PingPongReactiveMain.java#L34-L80>`_.
```

- inject some contracts for each party of both templates
- wait until the application is done

PingPongProcessor.runIndefinitely
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The core of the application is the method `PingPongProcessor.runIndefinitely() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/reactive/PingPongProcessor.java#L42-L49>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core of the application is the method `PingPongProcessor.runIndefinitely() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/reactive/PingPongProcessor.java#L43-L49>`_.
```

many services that the DAML Ledger offers are exposed as streams of events.
So an application that wants to interact with the DAML Ledger must react
to one or more DAML Ledger streams.

Example Project -- Ping Pong with Generated Java Data Layer
-----------------------------------------------------------

The code for this example is in the package  `examples.pingpong.codegen <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen>`_.

PingPongCodegenMain.java
========================

> The entry point for the Java code is the main class `PingPongCodegenMain <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongCodegenMain.java#L46-L99>`_. Look at this class to see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entry point for the Java code is the main class `PingPongCodegenMain <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongCodegenMain.java#L35-L77>`_. Look at this class to see:
```

- how to connect to and interact with the DAML Ledger via the Java Binding library
- how to use the gRPC layer to build an automation for both parties.
- how to streamline interactions with the ledger types by using auto generated data layer.

The main function:

- creates an instance of a ``ManagedChannel`` connecting to an existing ledger
- fetches the ledgerID and packageId from the ledger
- creates ``Identifiers`` for the Ping and Pong templates
- creates and starts instances of `PingPongProcessor <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongProcessor.java>`_ that contain the logic of the automation
- injects the initial contracts to start the process

PingPongProcessor.java
======================

> The core of the application is the method `PingPongProcessor.runIndefinitely() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L61-L91>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core of the application is the method `PingPongProcessor.runIndefinitely() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongProcessor.java#L53-L87>`_.
```

This method retrieves a gRPC streaming endpoint using the ``GetTransactionsRequest`` request, and then creates a `RxJava <The Underlying Library: RxJava_>`_ ``StreamObserver``, providing implementations of the ``onNext``, ``onError`` and ``onComplete`` observer methods. ``RxJava`` arranges that these methods receive stream events asynchronously.

> The method `onNext <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L74-L76>`_ is the main driver, extracting the transaction list from each ``GetTransactionResponse``, and passing in to  ``processTransaction()`` for processing. This method, and the method ``processTransaction()`` implements the application logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `onNext <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongProcessor.java#L70-L72>`_ is the main driver, extracting the transaction list from each ``GetTransactionResponse``, and passing in to  ``processTransaction()`` for processing. This method, and the method ``processTransaction()`` implements the application logic.
```

> `processTransaction() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L98-L117>`_ extracts all creation events from the the transaction and passes them to ``processEvent()``. This produces a list of commands to be sent to the ledger to further the workflow, and these are packages up in a ``Commands`` request and sent to the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`processTransaction() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongProcessor.java#L94-L110>`_ extracts all creation events from the the transaction and passes them to ``processEvent()``. This produces a list of commands to be sent to the ledger to further the workflow, and these are packages up in a ``Commands`` request and sent to the ledger.
```

> `processEvent() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/grpc/PingPongProcessor.java#L129-L169>`_ takes a transaction event and turns it into a stream of commands to be sent back to the ledger. To do this, it examines the event for the correct package and template (it's a create of a ``Ping`` or ``Pong`` template) and then looks at the receiving part to decide if this processor should respond. If so, an exercise command for the correct choice is created and returned in a ``Stream``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`processEvent() <src/main/java/examples/pingpong/codegen/PingPongProcessor.java#L122-L154>`_ takes a transaction event and turns it into a stream of commands to be sent back to the ledger. To do this, it examines the event for the correct package and template (it's a create of a ``Ping`` or ``Pong`` template) and then looks at the receiving part to decide if this processor should respond. If so, an exercise command for the correct choice is created and returned in a ``Stream``.
```

In all other cases, an empty ``Stream`` is returned, indication no action is required.

Output
======

The application prints statements similar to these:

.. code-block:: text

    Bob is exercising RespondPong on #1:0 in workflow Ping-Alice-1 at count 0
    Alice is exercising RespondPing on #344:1 in workflow Ping-Alice-7 at count 9

The first line shows that:

- ``Bob`` is exercising the ``RespondPong`` choice on the contract with ID ``#1:0`` for the workflow ``Ping-Alice-1``.
- Count ``0`` means that this is the first choice after the initial ``Ping`` contract.
- The workflow ID  ``Ping-Alice-1`` conveys that this is the workflow triggered by the second initial ``Ping``
  contract that was created by ``Alice``.

The second line is analogous to the first one.

The Generated Data Layer
========================

The ``codegen`` variant of the client application is similar to its ``grpc`` counterpart. Both are written in
a traditional imperative style. What sets them apart is the usage of the generated data layer in the former.
This layer simplifies construction of the ledger api calls and the analysis of the return values.

> - ``PingPongCodegenMain.createInitialContracts`` creates an strongly typed instance of a Ping contract and then embeds it in a equally strongly typed ``CommandsSubmission``. Then, it uses the built in ``toProto`` methods to convert the request into a wire-ready ``protobuf`` structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``PingPongCodegenMain.createInitialContracts`` creates a strongly typed instance of a Ping contract and then embeds it in an equally strongly typed ``CommandsSubmission``. Then, it uses the built in ``toProto`` methods to convert the request into a wire-ready ``protobuf`` structure.
```
